
# “eChunab”, an Online Voting System Using Blockchain

## Introduction
“eChunab” is an online web based voting system which allows specific audience or mass public to cast their vote safely and easily without breaking the daily routine. The web app can be used for specific institutions to choose their position and also used for nationwide elections for choosing the best leaders. As there are numerous disadvantages and bugs in the electronic voting system, our system is designed using a blockchain technology which is a secure and robust system that ensures anonymity of the voter, transparency in the process, robust Functioning and the decentralized system.The use of Ethereum on our web app enables the deployment of smart contracts and decentralized applications (dapps) to be built and ensure that the app will run without any interference from a third party. Also the transaction of the ethereum is fast which ensures the less time requirement for the voters to cast their vote and calculate the end result. The another purpose of using the transaction of ethereum is that it cannot be modified, hacked and controlled by intruder which makes the voting process transparent and legit. The electoral framework will have a node in every region to ensure that the system decentralized. This system can be used for a small scale organization. The blockchain technology and Face Detection is executed in web3.js and Python using the Flask framework respectively. The web page to caste vote is developed using HTML, CSS, and javascript along with the nodejs.User friendly web page ensure interactive site for casting votes and displaying outcomes and other essential information such as profile, candidate political background, the agenda of different political parties. The web page gives unquestionable visions for both nominees and voters. The two main module of our system are listed below:
> i.`Registration`: The sign-up feature along with face recognition for voters
is set before the voting procedure starts. This features gathers the
personal information which at last use for verification process.
> ii.`Cast Vote`: Validate users/voters can cast a vote. The voter logins to
    cryptowallet and uses ethereum on a metamask to cast vote.

